the burden of the word of the Lord
the burden of the word of the Lord against the land of Heydrich and
against the land of Heydrich and
against the land of Heydrich and place for the eyes of men and all the
place for the eyes of men and all the
place for the eyes of men and all the tribes of Israel are on the Lord also
tribes of Israel are on the Lord also
tribes of Israel are on the Lord also against Haman which borders on it and
against Haman which borders on it and
against Haman which borders on it and against tyre and sidon though they are
against tyre and sidon though they are
against tyre and sidon though they are very wise for tyre built herself a tower
very wise for tyre built herself a tower
very wise for tyre built herself a tower heaped up silver like the dust and gold
heaped up silver like the dust and gold
heaped up silver like the dust and gold like the mire of the streets behold the
like the mire of the streets behold the
like the mire of the streets behold the Lord will cast her out he will destroy
Lord will cast her out he will destroy
Lord will cast her out he will destroy her power in the sea and she will be
her power in the sea and she will be
her power in the sea and she will be devoured by fire Ashkelon shall see it
devoured by fire Ashkelon shall see it
devoured by fire Ashkelon shall see it and fear Gaza also shall be very
and fear Gaza also shall be very
and fear Gaza also shall be very sorrowful and eccrine for he dried up
sorrowful and eccrine for he dried up
sorrowful and eccrine for he dried up her expectation the king shall perish
her expectation the king shall perish
her expectation the king shall perish from Gaza and Ashkelon shall not be
from Gaza and Ashkelon shall not be
from Gaza and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited a mixed race shall settle in
inhabited a mixed race shall settle in
inhabited a mixed race shall settle in Ashton and I will cut off the pride of
Ashton and I will cut off the pride of
Ashton and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines I will take away the
the Philistines I will take away the
the Philistines I will take away the blood from his mouth and the
blood from his mouth and the
blood from his mouth and the abominations from between his teeth but
abominations from between his teeth but
abominations from between his teeth but he who remains even he shall be for our
he who remains even he shall be for our
he who remains even he shall be for our God and shall be like a leader in Judah
God and shall be like a leader in Judah
God and shall be like a leader in Judah and there Crum like a Jebusite I will
and there Crum like a Jebusite I will
and there Crum like a Jebusite I will camp around my house because of the army
camp around my house because of the army
camp around my house because of the army because of him who passes by and him who
because of him who passes by and him who
because of him who passes by and him who returns no more shall an oppressor past
returns no more shall an oppressor past
returns no more shall an oppressor past for now I have seen with my eyes who
for now I have seen with my eyes who
for now I have seen with my eyes who rejoice greatly o daughter of Zion shout
rejoice greatly o daughter of Zion shout
rejoice greatly o daughter of Zion shout o daughter of Jerusalem behold your king
o daughter of Jerusalem behold your king
o daughter of Jerusalem behold your king is coming to you he is just and having
is coming to you he is just and having
is coming to you he is just and having salvation lowly and riding on a donkey a
salvation lowly and riding on a donkey a
salvation lowly and riding on a donkey a Colt the foal of a donkey I will cut off
Colt the foal of a donkey I will cut off
Colt the foal of a donkey I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim and the horse
the chariot from Ephraim and the horse
the chariot from Ephraim and the horse from Jerusalem the battle bone shall be
from Jerusalem the battle bone shall be
from Jerusalem the battle bone shall be cut off he shall speak peace to the
cut off he shall speak peace to the
cut off he shall speak peace to the nation's his Dominion shall be from sea
nation's his Dominion shall be from sea
nation's his Dominion shall be from sea to sea and from the river to the ends of
to sea and from the river to the ends of
to sea and from the river to the ends of the earth as for you also because of the
the earth as for you also because of the
the earth as for you also because of the blood of your covenant I will set your
blood of your covenant I will set your
blood of your covenant I will set your prisoners free from the waterless pit
prisoners free from the waterless pit
prisoners free from the waterless pit return to the stronghold mule prisoners
return to the stronghold mule prisoners
return to the stronghold mule prisoners of hope even today I declare that I will
of hope even today I declare that I will
of hope even today I declare that I will restore double to you for I have bent
restore double to you for I have bent
restore double to you for I have bent Judah my bow fitted the bow with afraid
Judah my bow fitted the bow with afraid
Judah my bow fitted the bow with afraid and raised up your son's Ozai
and raised up your son's Ozai
and raised up your son's Ozai against your son who spoke Greece and
against your son who spoke Greece and
against your son who spoke Greece and made you like the sword of a mighty man
made you like the sword of a mighty man
made you like the sword of a mighty man then the Lord will be seen over them and
then the Lord will be seen over them and
then the Lord will be seen over them and his arrow will go forth like lightning
his arrow will go forth like lightning
his arrow will go forth like lightning the Lord God will blow the trumpet and
the Lord God will blow the trumpet and
the Lord God will blow the trumpet and go with aural winds from the south the
go with aural winds from the south the
go with aural winds from the south the Lord of hosts will defend them they
Lord of hosts will defend them they
Lord of hosts will defend them they shall devour and subdue with sling
shall devour and subdue with sling
shall devour and subdue with sling stones they shall drink and roar as if
stones they shall drink and roar as if
stones they shall drink and roar as if with wine they shall be filled with
with wine they shall be filled with
with wine they shall be filled with blood like bases like the corners of the
blood like bases like the corners of the
blood like bases like the corners of the altar the Lord their God will save them
altar the Lord their God will save them
altar the Lord their God will save them in that day as the flock of his people
in that day as the flock of his people
in that day as the flock of his people for they shall be like the jewels of a
for they shall be like the jewels of a
for they shall be like the jewels of a crown lifted like a banner over his land
crown lifted like a banner over his land
crown lifted like a banner over his land for how great is its goodness and how
for how great is its goodness and how
for how great is its goodness and how great its beauty grain shall make the
great its beauty grain shall make the
great its beauty grain shall make the young men thrive and new wine the young
young men thrive and new wine the young
young men thrive and new wine the young women
women
women [Music]